Clarify `headers` config option description (#33484)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next.config.js/headers.md

`headers` is an async function that expects an array to be returned holding objects with `source` and `headers` properties:

- `source` is the incoming request path pattern.

> - `headers` is an array of headers to add to the response - each header is an object with `key` and `value` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `headers` is an array of response header objects with the `key` and `value` properties.
```

I'm not sure I like the "`headers` is an array of headers" as an explanation of the term.

Author: Fixed.
